{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f4\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10760\viewh14780\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 Copy Smart Playlist to iPod 
\fs36  v1.0
\fs84 \

\fs36 AppleScript for iTunes
\fs24 \
Find more 
\f1\b free
\f0\b0  AppleScripts\
and info on writing your own\
at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt Doug's AppleScripts for iTunes}}.\
\
\pard\tx0\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Copy the tracks of the selected iTunes Smart Playlist to their own segregated playlist on iPod. On subsequent runs, when the same iTunes Smart Playlist is selected, the corresponding iPod playlist will be deleted and then re-created. 
\f2\i \cf2 Strangely, when tracks are copied this way (unlike with drag-and-drop or automatic updating), they do not populate iPod's main library, thus eliminating the chance of disturbing tracks in other iPod playlists when they are deleted.
\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b This script is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Donationware}}. If you use it and like it 
\f3\i please
\f1\i0  consider making a donation to support my AppleScripting efforts. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Click here}} for more info.
\f0\b0\fs36 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf3 Installation:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
If you installed the files from the downloaded disk image by dragging them to the "Installer", then the AppleScript and this Read Me document have already been installed in your 
\f2\i \cf2 [user name] > Library > iTunes > Scripts
\f0\i0 \cf0  folder. The script will appear in iTunes' Script menu, where you can activate it by clicking on its name.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 To manually install, if necessary: 
\f0\b0 Put AppleScripts in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\f2\i \cf2 [user name] > Library > iTunes
\f0\i0 \cf0 . If there is no folder named "Scripts" there, create one and put the script(s) in it. AppleScripts will then appear in iTunes' Script menu, and can be activated by selecting by name and clicking. Be sure to also save this Read Me document in a safe and convenient place.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf3 How to use:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx0\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf4 Important
\f0\b0 \cf0 : your iPod must be set the "Manually manage songs and playlists"\
\
Run the script. You will be asked to select a Smart Playlist. A new playlist will be created on iPod with the same name as your selected Smart Playlist (if one with this name already ixists on iPod, it will first be deleted, along with the tracks it contains) The tracks from your selected Smart Playlist will be copied to the new iPod playlist.\
\
\

\f1\b \cf3 Bug or feature?
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
Strangely, when tracks are copied by AppleScript this way, they do not populate the iPod's main library (the one named whatever your iPod is named). Being segregated in their own own playlist makes it easier to manage these tracks; for example, no tracks need to be deleted from the iPod's main library, and thus none will be removed from other iPod playlists.\
\
I'd appreciate your comments.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf3 Helpful Links:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Click on the underlined URL text:\
\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt Doug's AppleScripts for iTunes}}\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/shortcutkeys.php"}}{\fldrslt Assign Shortcut Keys to AppleScripts}}\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/downloadfaq.php"}}{\fldrslt Download FAQ}} - 
\f1\b Info on downloading and installing AppleScripts
\f0\b0 \
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/dougs.rss"}}{\fldrslt Doug's RSS Feed}} - 
\f1\b Recent site news, script additions and updates
\f0\b0  (add link to your news reader)\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/dougsupdated.rss"}}{\fldrslt 30 Most Recent RSS Feed}} - 
\f1\b Most recent new and updated scripts
\f0\b0  (add link to your news reader)\
\

\f1\b Information and download link for this script is located at:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/scripts/ss.php?sp=copysmarttoipod"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://dougscripts.com/itunes/scripts/ss.php?sp=copysmarttoipod}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Version History:\
\
v1.0 sept 13 2003\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf5 - initial release\
\
this doc last updated November 29 06\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b If you have any trouble with this script, please email me.
\f0\b0 \
My name is Doug Adams\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dougscripts@mac.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 dougscripts@mac.com}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This software is released "as-is". By using it or modifying it you agree that its author cannot be held responsible or liable for any tragedies resulting thereof.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the 
\f1\b GNU General Public License
\f0\b0  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
Get a copy of the GNU General Public License by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
\
or visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html}}
\f4\i\fs18 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 AppleScript, iTunes, and iPod are registered trademarks of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt Apple Computer}}, Inc.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
}